[Music]
this is the most brutal water demon i
have met
he specializes in capturing beautiful
single girls
then lock them in a secret room to drown
as long as there is water he will appear
young girls are being harmed more and
more today mr hamham will tell everyone
the classic horror movie the drownsman
the movie begins a girl awakens in fear
she is begging the man beside her but he
didn't notice as his hand pushed the
girl into the bath
almost choked her to death danger ahead
the girl holding the piece of glass on
the floor stabbed the villain
in order to survive shea attacked
frantically the man suddenly disappeared
into the water
by the time she turned the man had
turned into a water demon
accompanied by a scream the jenny girl
awoke from her dream it turned out that
she had contracted a strange disease
from a year ago
every night jenny dreams of a water
demon therefore she gave birth to a fear
of water for helping her overcome
psychological problems sisters specially
make her a ritual
hope that she can alleviate her fear of
water just starting to exorcise the a
strange thing happened the candle in the
middle suddenly went out once
but they looked down on it still doing
magic tricks to chase away water demons
jenny followed everyone's instructions
and lay down now she is very worried
when people think that the denunciation
is successful jenny suddenly had a
strange feeling
it was like someone grabbed her from the
water the sisters beside her was stunned
in a blink
the curly haired sister hurriedly broke
the tube rescuing jenny out
at this moment shirley also suddenly saw
a passing figure
but people thought she purposely teased
them in this world there would be no
water devil
unexpected life people of them were
going to have a disaster
so jenny also went to search for
documents related to the water devil
also depicts the appearance inside her
mind surely over here
she was alone at home suddenly hearing a
strange sound inside the washing machine
but when she arrived she couldn't see
anything
when she thinks she's worried about
nothing stone face necklaces fell back
into thrilling
shirley hurriedly reached out and picked
it up
suddenly a black hand appeared beside
him grasped her arms
then the washing machine started to
frantically shake
shirley in the blink of an eye was
scared to lose her soul
jenny is visiting his mustache uncle and
best friend mary
they wanted to understand the water
devil related things from him
to clarify the truth jenny also gave him
the mustache of the dream painting
his daughter and jenny have the same
situation but the girl is no longer in
the world
the mustache uncle gave jenny all the
documents he investigated
on the way home jenny also entered the
dream
she went to an old wooden house here
jenny saw a girl lying in a bath besides
that
there is the water demon the terrible
scene in the blink of an eye made jenny
awake
then her black-haired sister friend this
side she also had an unusual appearance
vomiting in her mouth non-stop as she
turned to get a towel
the phone on the table disappeared when
she was curious
the headphone cord on the neck was also
pulled into the water
what's more thrilling is even the
black-haired sister was directly dragged
in
after that she emerged from that
horrible bath
now she had a vague mind when the
black-haired sister looked around
she has detected her phone but here
there is no signal
at this moment beside had a bizarre
sound the black-haired sister was
suddenly threatened with her limp legs
fall into a closed box after that the
trunk began to pour water
no matter how she knocked it it wouldn't
be damaged
the black-haired sister drowned in the
water shirley
terrified hurriedly found her
curly-haired sister tell her
water demons seem to really exist it can
reach the victim through the water arun
d them then buried them in the water but
the curly-haired sister thought she was
acting mysteriously
also aggressively slapped shirley once
when shirley tried to explain
she was sucked in by the hand sink
behind her back
seeing her whole body caught up in this
narrow space
at this time the curly haired sister
also believed her explanation
but it is too late shirley is dragged
into that scary room as well
frightened she quickly climbed out the
room was full of water
the surroundings sometimes made strange
sound
then she slipped and fell into the water
then was permanently locked on the floor
in the room
jenny and mary found your phone on the
floor
but danger is quietly approaching after
that
the water devil reappeared in front of
them the two people hurriedly left
as soon as they opened the door they ran
into her curly haired sister
the three of them tensed up in the blink
of an eye halfway there
jenny read through the document his
mustache uncle gave her
she feels she has to go investigate the
water demon's background
this made them not cold but trembling
now they are afraid of water
in the hospital they find a victim who
has gone through similar things
lucy a statement she said shook everyone
it turned out that she was jenny's
mother and that water demon was actually
her father
he had been a murderous madman before
finally destroyed by lucy
the result becomes unjustly vengeance
upon the innocent girls beside her
the three people who heard the truth
hastily left
in the elevator the sisters suddenly
started to panic
it turned out that the ceiling started
to spray water
the three of them are aware of the
danger this is definitely a bluff
as expected he crawled out directly from
the water
the curly-haired sister in the blink of
an eye was dragged into the water by him
immediately disappeared at this time the
elevator also reached the first floor
the two men
hurriedly took the door out and the
curly haired sister appeared in that
horrible
room the strange environment made her
extremely frightened
on the floor she also discovers
necklaces of her good sister shirley
suddenly the curled girl was tangled in
an inexplicable iron chain
immediately after that dragging began
faster
not struggling yet she was thrown into
the deep floor with no bottom
jenny over here they decided not to hide
anymore
the two men drove all the way to the
small log house that the murderer lived
after that they rushed inside with
flares
the room is messy there was a strange
taste
everywhere they discovered a secret
passage on the floor
when two people were going down to find
out the truth
then terrible water streak appeared a
pair of hands extended directly
poor mary was captured after that the
basement also began to absorb water
seeing his friend missing jenny
immediately began to get nervous
while she was wondering what to do the
bath next to her made a sound
jenny quickly went through the check but
it wasn't time for her to look closely
his hands were dragged into the water
here
she saw all the sisters that were
missing jenny
scared rushed to swim up after that
she went to that bizarre room again mary
was taken away by the water demon who
was locked in a secret room
jenny panicked immediately went up to
close the tap
but the water level in the room is still
rising
mary is also about to succumb both of
them falling into a coma
dangerous moment jenny picked up the
iron bar and opened the latch beside it
but mary was no longer breathing when
jenny was miserable
the water devil suddenly strangled her
neck but the murderer seemed to
recognize the girl from jenny's eyes
he also did not harm jenny but quietly
brought mary's body
at this point jenny suddenly took out a
flare hidden behind mary
then stabbed the water demon fiercely
after that
the room seriously injured began to
froth
anticlea sprinkle water jenny has now
overcome her fear of water demons as
well
alone got into the tub and sink into it
at the moment the black hands reached
out
jenny promptly returned to the present
but the disgusting water devil still
came
luckily jenny went back to plug a flare
into him
finally press the demon's name back to
the bottom of the water
she has now completely conquered her
fear of water demons
then jenny returned to the hospital when
the nurse did not notice
sneaking into the hospital room to ask
about his mother
seeing jenny's body soaked her mother
still thinks she was murdered
at this point jenny told her mother the
situation
she finally killed the killer but just
as finished speaking
a shadow appeared behind the two it's
the end of the film
a very good movie the story involves
water demon murderer
covering the whole movie's horror
atmosphere especially that strange tub
each capture he will appear from the
bath just where there is water he will
appear
besides specializing in capturing single
girls
i think he's a lonely water demon it's
said to be a water demon
in fact he is a boisterous demon the
creation and concept of the whole movie
is very novel
a good horror movie if you like it
remember to press
like follow share and thank everyone